<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
      xmlns:h="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/html"
      xmlns:f="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/core"
      xmlns:jsf="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf"
      xmlns:ui="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/facelets"
      xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui">
    <div class="card">

        <h:form>
            <p:toolbar>
                <p:toolbarGroup align="right">
                    <p:menuButton value="Menu" icon="pi pi-bars">
                        <p:menuitem value="Players" outcome="/player/player" icon="pi pi-user"/>
                        <p:menuitem value="Teams" outcome="/team/team" icon="pi pi-users"/>
                        <p:menuitem value="Games" outcome="/game/game" icon="pi pi-prime"/>
                        <p:menuitem value="Competitions" outcome="/competition/competition" icon="pi pi-dollar"/>
                        <p:menuitem value="Setup Competition" outcome="/competition/setupCompetition" icon="pi pi-arrows-h"/>
                    </p:menuButton>
                </p:toolbarGroup>
            </p:toolbar>

            <br/>

            <p:accordionPanel multiple="false" id="panel" style="margin-top: 20px; margin-right: 30px; margin-bottom: 40px; margin-left: 50px;" activeIndex="null">
                <p:tab  title="How scores are calculated" >
                    <section>
                        <h3>Basic Structure</h3>
                        <ul>
                            <li>A <strong>competition</strong> titled e.g., "Kode gubbz gaming night" comprises one or several <strong>games</strong> (e.g., Bowling, StarCraft).</li>
                            <li>Each game contains several <strong>matches</strong> in order for all teams to face each other.</li>
                            <li>One <strong>match</strong> always consists of two teams competing against each other.</li>
                            <li>In these matches, every team competes against each other exactly once.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </section>

                    <section>
                        <h3>Score Calculation for Each Match</h3>
                        <h4>Time-based Games:</h4>
                        <ul>
                            <li>If the game's scoring is based on time (e.g., fastest lap in a car game), the team with the least cumulative time wins the match. This is calculated from the scores of all players in the team.</li>
                            <li>The team with the least total time receives 100 points, followed by 90 points for the next least time, and so on.</li>
                        </ul>

                        <h4>Score-based Games:</h4>
                        <ul>
                            <li>If the game's scoring is determined by a score (e.g., total pins in bowling), the team with the highest cumulative score wins the match. This is calculated from the scores of all players in the team.</li>
                            <li>The team with the highest total score gets 100 points, followed by 90 points for the next highest score, and so on.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </section>

                    <section>
                        <h3><strong>Total</strong> Team Score Calculation (Leaderboard)</h3>
                        <ul>
                            <li>The overall score is derived from the cumulative total score of each team across all <strong>games</strong>.</li>
                            <li>In instances where teams have uneven member counts, the score for each <strong>match</strong> will be determined by average for all teams.</li>
                            <li>For example, if one team has 3 members and another has 2, scores will be averaged based on 3 players for the first team and 2 players for the second.</li>
                        </ul>

                        <h4>Time-based Games:</h4>
                        <ul>
                            <li>The team with the least combined cumulative time across a <strong>game</strong> earns 100 points. The next least time gets 90 points, and so forth.</li>
                        </ul>

                        <h4>Score-based Games:</h4>
                        <ul>
                            <li>The team with the highest combined cumulative score across a <strong>game</strong> receives 100 points, while the next highest score is awarded 90 points, and so on.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </section>

                    <section>
                        <h3><strong>Total</strong> Player Score Calculation (Leaderboard)</h3>
                        <li>The overall score is derived from the cumulative total score of each player across all <strong>games</strong>.</li>
                        <li>In instances where teams have uneven member counts, the score for each <strong>match</strong> will be determined by average for all players.</li>
                        <li>For example, if one team has 3 members and another has 2, scores will be averaged based on 3 players for the first team and 2 players for the second.</li>

                        <h4>Time-based Games:</h4>
                        <ul>
                            <li>The player with the combined least total time across a <strong>game</strong> is awarded 100 points, with the next least time getting 90 points, and so forth.</li>
                        </ul>

                        <h4>Score-based Games:</h4>
                        <ul>
                            <li>The player with the combined highest total score in a <strong>game</strong> secures 100 points. The subsequent highest scorer gets 90 points, continuing in this pattern.</li>

                        </ul>
                    </section>
                </p:tab>
            </p:accordionPanel>

        </h:form>

    </div>

</html>